in this video I'm going to show you how
to setup file sharing in microsoft
windows 7 for use with the Android image
transfer application let's go to My
Documents I'm go into pictures and the
create a new folder here called picture
downloads of course you can make this
folder anything you want just enough
sharing on this folder we right click it
and click share with specific people I'm
only going to select my username since I
want any wants to access this shared
folder I'm a clip shared and that's it
the folder shared this link right here
is very important without the computer
name here starting with users Jonah
cozia pictures picture downloads this is
the directory or the folder that you're
going to put it into the image transfer
settings so just forget the computer
name here and just do users your
username pictures picture downloads or
whatever your setup is so we're going to
have done and let's just grab the IP
address of this computer so i'll click
the network connection down here and i'm
going to open network and sharing center
and next to connections here i have a
local area connection you might have a
wireless connection whatever your main
connection is to the internet click on
and then details and next to ipv4
address 192 168 dot one dot 10 late and
that is what i'll put in as the
destination computer and the image
transfer settings so now that I have
this setup of a poultice is pictured a
much fuller ease you see it's empty i'm
going to online phone here which you
can't see i'm going to actually click
start transfer and we should see a new
folder pop up and on the computer here
oh there's the new folder and it uses
that today is day at a time i create
folder each time i have built in that
there is the picture that was on my
phone so very had a windows 7 file
sharing for the
transfer application available in the
android market